The lion disciple avenged you with his own hands today
Your spirit in heaven can see clearly
The disciple is really a person who values love and righteousness
Master, when did you come?
From the moment you left the sect
The teacher followed
You are my freesia gate for hundreds of years
The most talented disciple
How could I let you leave alone?
Uncle Wuji forgot Senior Brother He after he disappeared
No Tamagawa's
Needless to say
I can see clearly from the side
Obviously, He Yuchuan and outsiders attacked first
He deserves you dead
Thank you teachers for remembering
Hey, thanks for what?
I am your master
I don't protect you, who protects you?
I had no idea.
You can kill three people with the realm of no quality
The strength is really extraordinary
Wuji, since your current strength is comparable to the sixth rank
Then as a teacher
Some things have been told to you in advance.